Update how-to-create-release-announcements.md (#66)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-screenshots-and-gifs.md

  * Size your Mattermost Desktop App or browser to capture a screenshot approximately 900px by 640px, excluding browser navigation.
  * Use default 100% Zoom.
  * Tip: Close the right-hand sidebar, and close the team sidebar by leaving all but one team.
* **Font Size:**

>   * Check that the font size is not too small.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * All text should have large enough font size so that text is easily readable.
```

Reviewer: ^This is not worded properly..but basically the guideline is that if you can't easily read the text, the font size is too small
